# Contributing

## Installation

This project requires Artifactory credentials. For local development, one can
obtain these from their jfrog user profile
[here](https://mdsol.jfrog.io/ui/admin/artifactory/user_profile)

### Installation (Docker - recommended)

To setup your python docker container, download the [engineering helper scripts](https://github.com/mdsol/engineering-helper-scripts/blob/6484ac03490c0562cee26aca89bfbed11e5124e2/.travis.yml#L6) into a
directory parallel to this one and run

`PACKAGE_GROUPS="dev,test" ../engineering-helper-scripts/docker/build_container.sh .12factor/Dockerfile --build-arg PACKAGE_GROUPS`

Once your container is built, you can then use `docker compose up` to get
terminal access and attach to the container.

By using Docker compose, any work you do inside the container will be copied
into your local machine. This is especially useful when the poetry lock file
needs to be regenerated by running `poetry lock` inside the container.

NOTE: As poetry is not built into the final layer you'll need to build an
image with the python_packages as a target in order to update the lock file.

`PACKAGE_GROUPS="dev,test" ../engineering-helper-scripts/docker/build_container.sh .12factor/Dockerfile --build-arg PACKAGE_GROUPS --target=python_packages`

NOTE2: Make sure `.dockerignore` is updated to just include the files/folders you need in your build context.

### Installation (Local)

In order to install this package, you will first need to install poetry.
See [here](https://python-poetry.org/docs/#installation) for instructions.

You can configure poetry via:

WARNING: Do not check your config file into version control or build it into a Docker image. Doing so will compromise your API KEY.

```bash
poetry config http-basic.mdsol <ARTIFACTORY_USERNAME> <ARTIFACTORY_PASSWORD>
```

Once these are in place, you can install the package inside a local
virtual environment via:

```bash
poetry install
```

## Testing

This project uses [pytest](https://docs.pytest.org/en/7.1.x/contents.html)
for automated testing

You can run the test suite within the projects virtual environment via:

```bash
poetry run pytest
```

Or activate a shell and run the test inside the environment:

```bash
poetry shell
pytest
```

You can also distribute the execution of the test suite on multiple CPUs:

```bash
pytest -n <n_cpu>
```

See [pytest's documentation](https://docs.pytest.org/en/latest/contents.html)
for a more detailed guide.

## Branching

Please branch out of main, and open a PR. Merges require at least one reviewer.
All tests must pass in travis before merge.
